We're returning to our ocean studio.
The summer storms that have progressed
into the fall have come and gone,
so we have a bit of a reprieve
from the blustery winds and the rain,
although you can see that it is still
blowing a bit in the palm fronds behind
me.
Typically, when we
move to this, the Ocean Studio.
We're speaking of the Psalms,
the Mizmowr of Dowd, our Messiah,
the Son of God, and our King.
But
In a previous episode,
we wanted to explain some of Dowd's
thoughts pursuant to his position relative
to Yahowah and why he came to realize
that it was appropriate for him to
intervene.
as our Savior to fulfill Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym,
and that his people just did not
understand that they somehow had missed
the entire intent of the Towrah,
and that they were therefore estranged
from God,
and that he alone was in a position
to resolve that dispute.
And since this is important,
we're going to return to the first
statement in Dabarym that would be
the book wrongly called Deuteronomy,
it means words,
in the twenty-ninth chapter,
and it begins.
These are the words, Dabarym,
of the covenant,
which lead to the benefits of the
relationship.
Yahowah instructed for Moshe to cut and to
establish with the children of Yisrael.
in the land of Moab,
which means who's your father,
along with and as part of the covenant
that he cut and associated with them in
Choreb.
Well, what God is announcing here,
Dabarym, verse twenty nine, one,
is that he is reaffirming the covenant.
that he established with Abraham,
debuted and narrated through Abraham,
that he then reinforced by revealing
Dabarym, excuse me,
by revealing Bare’syth ,
which would be known now as Genesis,
it means in the beginning.
That whole narrative is presented there in
the opening book of the Towrah and
therefore
I thought that Wookie wanted to jump up
on the table, but he looked away.
And so he is affirming that that whole
discussion was reinforced with the
children of Yisrael in Choreb,
which is where he presented to Moshe the
book of in the beginning,
which we call now Genesis, Bare’syth .
And now he is once again reminding them
that
they have been invited to be part of
this familial covenant relationship.
Whether or not they wish to participate,
and unfortunately,
the answer is they did not.
So we're finding that
I bring up a glass of water or
tea because when you speak for an hour
at a time,
sometimes your voice gets a little
scratchy.
And the beneficiary of that is Wookie.
So I'm glad that you were able to
refresh yourself there, Wookie.
That's important.
So that's the story here.
That's why the introduction is written
this way.
The covenant that was narrated and then
affirmed on Mount Moriah with Abraham has
now seen its reaffirmation, if you will,
here on Choreb with the children of
Israel, and then is now being reiterated.
This is the Towrah through which Moshe on
Mount Choreb established,
delineated for the purpose of sharing the
fact that there are five conditions and
five benefits associated with it,
all of which are fulfilled through the
establishment of the Mow'ed Miqrah,
the seven steps that we are invited to
walk to Yahowah.
So as we continue with this narration from
God through Moshe, it reads,
and Moshe summoned, calling out to,
speaking of the Miqraey,
it's the verb that serves as the heart
of Miqraey, it means to summon,
to call out, to invite to a meeting,
to welcome, to read and to recite,
it is Qara.
All of the
all of Israel, saying to them,
you yourselves have witnessed everything
that Yahowah acted upon and engaged in
before your eyes in the realm of the
crucibles of oppression in Mitzrayim,
known as Egypt, before Pharaoh,
before all of his servants and throughout
his land.
They had been slaves.
They were liberated.
They had witnessed everything that Yahowah
had done and
on their behalf,
and now here they were as witnesses to
God's great favor on their behalf.
This is Dabarym, Deuteronomy, verse,
and that should have put them in a
position where they were receptive and
appreciative.
Unfortunately, it didn't.
So this tremendously great experience of
examination and validation and of getting
the desired response,
which for the benefit of the relationship,
you saw witnessing with your own eyes.
The appearance of the conspicuous and
despicable.
important signs announcing future events
and the remarkably extraordinary
indications of amazing things which were
to come this is the body in twenty
nine three uh
Moshe is reemphasizing that this was an
extraordinary experience and it should
have left an indelible mark on the minds
and hearts of the children of Yisrael so
that they should have given Yahowah
tremendous respect.
They should have appreciated him for what
he had done for them.
continues this tremendously important and
empowering opportunity for examination of
getting the desired response,
this time of testing and period of
evaluation for your benefit and for
this relationship,
which you saw witnessing with your eyes,
the appearance of the conspicuous and
important signs announcing future events,
the prophetic proof statements regarding
these promises, which are predictive,
accurately confirming
that which will occur along with the
miraculous means of communicating the
message with distinctive banners and
characteristic signals regarding future
provisions laden with tremendous portent,
along with great expectations of things
which will occur,
then brilliant examples which correspond
to future events,
communicating that which is vitally
important,
enabling us to respond
appropriately and grow.
Dabarym,
a very expressive version of God's words,
never should have been called Deuteronomy.
Should you have wondered why few, if any,
would come to appreciate Yahowah's approach
to revelation and understanding?
Well, we now know.
And this is going to reemphasize something
that I said yesterday and the day before,
and even the day before that,
that I'm sure has some of you a
bit perplexed because it is a very
profound statement that goes right to the
heart of the lie that is Judaism.
But Yahowah has not bestowed,
given you the judgment,
Or the inclination.
To yada.
To know.
Or to understand.
Or the eyes.
Or perceptiveness to see.
Or even the ears to hear.
Up to this point in time and beyond.
On this day.
The Buddhism words.
Deuteronomy.
Twenty nine four.
And there you have it.
I know that there have been some who
are not pleased with my conclusion that
the Towrah while offered to the children of
Israel was not for them,
but instead for us.
And this is affirmation of it.
This is an irrefutable confirmation that
the conclusion that I deduced
shared so openly was accurate the Towrah
while given in the presence of the
children of Israel during the exodus was
not for them they paid no attention to
it they were blind to the instructions in
it they rather despised the god who shared
it with them they reneged on the covenant
relationship he was offering.
They chose to be religious.
They chose to add to it and to
take away from it with their Talmud,
with their oral law.
And what this confirms
is that Yahowah,
having seen their response to him,
where they told him to shut up and
go away,
they never wanted to hear from him or
see him again,
something that is reaffirmed in the
eighteenth chapter of Dabarym,
that God realized that he really needed to
be careful here,
that this could be disastrous.
Because if the Jews during the Exodus had
promulgated their myths using Yahowah's
name,
had they conveyed aspects of the Towrah
accurately,
including the purpose and intent of the
Beryth covenant and that of the Miqraey
invitations to be called out and meet,
and then twisted and perverted some aspect
of it,
that far more damage would have been done
than their wholesale denunciations of
Yahowah's name, of his covenant,
and of his Miqraey, invitations to meet.
And so what God did is says,
I'm just going to blind you.
I'm going to blind you.
I'm going to make you deaf.
I'm going to dull your thought process so
that you're just going to be clueless.
All you're going to do is wallow all
over yourselves and swim in your own
vomit.
You're not going to be able to corrupt
my testimony.
I'm just going to preclude it.
So rather than being in a position to
correctly analyze the creation account and
know how sixteen billion years,
fifteen billion years,
from our perspective here on Earth,
looking back on the Big Bang,
is actually six twenty-four hour days,
and that Maimonides therefore was wrong in
dating the Jewish calendar to creation as
opposed to the day that Adam and Chawah
were booted out of Eden.
He was, and they are,
unable to understand why it was Noach that
was chosen and guided in the building of
the ark.
And instead,
the religious Jews have replaced that
lesson with
Noah laws none of which are in the
Towrah they just simply replaced a teaching
about the value of the covenant
relationship and of listening to god and
doing as he asked with this whole tirade
of religious lies Noahide laws and then
you you look at the whole story of
of
Abraham and Sarah,
and they're clueless to the fact that the
reason God reached out to Abraham was that
he and his wife, Sarah,
had rejected the religiosity and the
politics of Babylon and were
had walked out of that place and that
it was only then that God could approach
them and they don't understand that.
There isn't a rabbi to this day over
thousands of years who have understood
that the covenant is about a relationship
with God and that its prerequisite is to
not be religious.
Not a one.
And so they have been blinded to this
profoundly important truth.
They don't know that there are five
conditions or
five benefits,
they are completely blinded to the fact
that the seven Mow'ed Miqrah,
which they are clueless to understand,
deliver the benefits of that Beryth
covenant.
And by not being able to corrupt Yahowah's
testimony,
but instead wallowing in their own vomit,
They have done no harm to the Towrah
or to Yahowah's name or to his plan
and have simply embarrassed themselves.
And that is the condition up to this
point in time.
And that means that the Towrah that was
delivered through Moshe,
three thousand four hundred and fifty
years ago, wasn't for them.
It wasn't for them because they didn't
want it.
They preferred to replace it with their
Talmud.
And when God heard that from them,
when they told God to shut up and
go away,
they never wanted to see him or hear
from him again.
He said, okay, two can play this game.
I'm just going to blind you.
I'm going to make you deaf and dumb.
And that's just the way it's going to
be.
And then I will find a guy who
is not of Israel, who I will awaken,
who I will choose,
and he will respond and he'll figure it
out.
He will deduce what I have been offering
and what I'm expecting in return,
and He will communicate it to you so
that at least some of you can respond
favorably after thirty-four centuries of
rejecting everything God has offered.
It's a very...
profound statement,
exceedingly important statement,
and one that brings us to why the
thirty-five volumes of Yada Yahowah exist and
are offered freely at YadaYah.com,
why we're doing the Yahowah blog.
You have been given the opportunity to
shed the blockage in your hearing,
to shed the scales over your occluded
vision,
to remove
the wall around your heart and your
thinking and mind this is your opportunity
what you do with it is up to
you Yahowah says i have walked with you
for forty years and this could be Yahowah's
voice or Moshe's voice uh since Yahowah was
speaking through Moshe's mouth uh one in
the same
I have walked with you for forty years
in the wilderness,
in this place where one asks the who,
what, why, where,
and when questions regarding the Dabar
word.
That is a statement of fact,
and the only reason they were forty years
in the wilderness was because when he
brought them forthrightly to the promised
land, they rejected it.
Just as they rejected God, his voice,
the Towrah, the covenant,
they rejected the land as well.
God goes on to say your garments did
not wear out,
nor did they become obsolete from upon
you.
Your sandals did not decompose from upon
your feet.
The body and words should not have been
called Deuteronomy, twenty nine five.
That's true.
And it was another just obvious sign that
they were being protected.
And that Matsah, unyeasted bread,
is symbolic of removing the fungus of
religion and governance,
militarism and conspiracy from our souls.
Lakem, the bread infused with yeast,
is seen as corrupt.
Therefore,
once they had availed themselves of the
benefits of Pesach and Matsah,
these Bikuwrym were kept pure prior to
entering the promised land,
is what we are going to see.
be presented with next.
It says,
you have not consumed bread or wine,
intoxicating beverages you have not drunk,
so that for the purpose of serving as
a witness, you might otherwise know, yada,
that indeed I am Yahowah.
Too bad.
They were unwilling to do that or to
recognize that Yahowah
is your God."
It takes a clear head to appreciate the
things of God.
For those who do so,
they have the privilege of serving as
witnesses,
testifying to what we have come to know
about Yahowah.
It's the highest calling and our best use
of our lives.
Observe the words associated with the
covenant.
closely examine and carefully consider the
breath.
this family-oriented relationship
agreement and act upon and engage in it
so that you may become an effective
witness and provide answers,
becoming a teacher,
gaining insights by coming to understand
and then being circumspect, sakal,
being prudent and prospering by paying
attention to the instructions so that you
might comprehend,
with regard to everything you do,
acting upon or engaging in that which
leads to the benefit of the relationship.
The body in words, Deuteronomy,
twenty nine, nine.
It's a wonderful expression of God's will
for our lives when it comes to knowing
Yahowah and engaging in a relationship with
them,
becoming part of his covenant family.
It all begins with Shemar being observant.
And this leads to shakal gaining the
insights needed to serve as a lama'an,
a witness, our highest calling.
You are standing this day, all of you,
before the presence of Yahowah, your God.
the beginning and finest aspects of your
familiar associations, your mature men,
your scribes,
all of the individuals who comprise
Yisrael, even your little ones,
your wives and your women,
and the foreigners from different
ethnicities other than your own,
who are all camping out in your midst,
from the one who chops your wood to
the one who draws your water a very
graphic and visual depiction of where they
were and who they were as reported in
the body words twenty nine ten and eleven
So you'll note that the men and women
were not separated as they are in Judaism.
And women were counted among the best of
Yisrael, which is as it should be,
but not as the religious require.
Yahowah's relationship with Yisrael has
never been monotheistic or monolithic,
I should say,
but is instead based upon young and old,
men and women,
even other ethnicities,
as long as they seek to be part
of the same family.
That's why Yisrael actually identifies
those who engage and endure with God
regardless of their ethnicity.
What appears, and by the way,
also their gender or their age or their
affluence,
What appears particularly interesting in
addition to the inclusiveness of the
covenant and its broad base is the mention
of three occupations pertaining to one,
writing, two, chopping wood, and three,
drawing water.
Everything we know about Yahowah has come
by way of the scribes who wrote the
testimony that God conveyed through his
prophets on parchment.
Wood was used to build homes,
cook food and illuminate the darkness,
keeping us warm and nourished,
enlightened and protected,
safe and comfortable.
But most importantly, wood
for the fire,
which is the purpose of chopping it,
is that transformative force that takes
our physical bodies,
which he has just spoken of,
and protecting them and transitions them
into light and energy so that our souls
can rise to the occasion and be so
much more than we would otherwise be.
And of course,
water is what cleanses and restores life.
That is why these three occupations were
listed.
Well,
I'd be shocked if there were a Christian
who has read through any of these books
up to this point,
who still believes anything that he or she
was told by a priest or pastor,
this next statement ought to be more than
sufficient to resolve the matter of faith.
The covenant Paul condemned as enslaving,
the one he replaced with his contradictory
New Testament, is Yahowah's,
who just so happens to be God.
Moreover, one approaches it through Abar,
which is the verb that has brought us
the defining meaning of Passover.
It reads,
This is so you may approach and pass
into.
You can travel and draw near,
crossing over into,
come to possess a share of by passing
through to the covenant.
Beryth,
the family oriented relationship
agreement, the pledge and binding oath,
the contractual and mutually beneficial
arrangement between God and his people.
of Yahowah, your God.
The breath is of Yahowah, your God,
into his sworn agreement,
his binding oath,
which leads to the benefits of this
relationship, Asher.
Yahowah, your God, has cut,
establishing it.
Karath has made,
creating this agreement through separation
with stipulations, responsibilities,
and benefits with you.
this day.
The body and words,
Deuteronomy twenty nine twelve.
You know, quite frankly,
nothing is more important or beneficial
than approaching God and entering into the
covenant in the manner he established.
Stop praying.
Stop confessing.
Start living.
Over the millennia,
religious men have behaved badly,
including those conducting human
sacrifices to phony gods.
But few things in all of that time
have negatively affected more souls than
the overt Christian replacement of
Yahowah's covenant with super sessionalism.
Those who...
Do you suppose, therefore,
motivated and inspired Paul to negate
Yahowah's intent with his covenant
relationship,
to annul God's commitment to his family,
and then to superimpose a different
covenant, a New Testament, in its place?
Of course,
we know the answer because Paul admitted
to being demon-possessed at the conclusion
of his second letter to the Corinthians.
But most remain unaware.
which is why billions of souls have been
lost to the mythology that has sought to
denigrate, dehumanize,
and demonize Jews through the Christian
New Testament.
The only thing worse has been the Jewish
propensity to obfuscate Yahowah's name,
doing so throughout their Talmud and their
culture, knowing it, acknowledging it.
and professing it are essential to
answering his invitation to approach and
to pass into the covenant and it is
this is his family his name and his
title well they're all continuously
associated with him in it and in this
case his name was spoken and written twice
for our edification
There was no justification in erasing it
or replacing it.
Anytime you hear HaShem or G-D or Adonai,
it should be like fingernails scratching
against a blackboard.
Surely,
Yahowah didn't think that we would forget
His name or be remiss in remembering that
He is God in the time it took
to recite this sentence.
It cannot be the reason he repeated it.
And yet it is as if he knew
his people would do the inconceivable.
And they did.
Yahowah clearly wanted us to know that we
would be engaging directly with him.
It is his name and reputation on the
line,
his word that we would be trusting should
we wish to engage in this covenant.
Moreover,
he wanted us to be aware of those
who would be living together with us
should we want to accept his invitation.
We have said it repeatedly because Yahowah
wants us to acknowledge that the covenant
is his family.
It is a sworn and binding agreement and
therefore backed by the very word of God.
Its stipulations lead us to the benefits
of the relationship.
that our Heavenly Father is seeking to
establish with His children.
Being invited into Yahowah's family is a
wonderful opportunity,
enriching and empowering it.
While it affords us with a tremendous
amount of freedom,
we're not given the authority to alter
what God is offering or expects in return.
There can never be and will never be.
Anything akin to an inspired Talmud or an
authorized Christian New Testament or
Zohar.
They are not the word of God,
but are instead the lives of men.
Unlike the authors of those books,
Yahowah does not break his promises.
He is not capricious.
He does not change his mind.
He does not alter his approach.
He does not contradict himself.
All of which are required.
for either the Talmud, Zohar,
or New Testament,
as well as the Quran to be true,
meaning that they're false.
With statements like this and the next
one, it's a wonder that five people,
much less five billion,
believe that there is any validity to the
Talmud, Quran, and New Testament.
With the intent of providing answers and
for the sake of enabling witnesses,
he established you today as his people and
family,
and thereby he will continue to be your
God,
consistent with his communications with
you and in keeping with what he promised
to your fathers, to Abraham, to Yitschaq,
and to Jacob.
The body and words should never have been
called Deuteronomy.
You see,
the covenant was established with Abraham,
Yitschaq, and Jacob,
and confirmed with Yisrael.
It was not annulled, renewed,
or changed by Gentile Christians.
By his own admission,
Yahowah has been ka'asher dabar,
consistent with his words and guidance,
never wavering from what he, Shabbat,
has promised.
Yahowah chose to provide the answers we
would need to form a relationship with him
through Yisrael,
which is why the descendants of Abraham
through Yitschaq and Jacob were to be his
witnesses.
And while some,
especially the likes of Moshe, Shamuw’el,
Dowd, ElYah, Howsha, Yasha'yah, Yirmayah,
and Zechariah were witnesses,
stupendous at it the preponderance of
Israelites shirked their responsibility
and still do so to this day it
is not with you alone god says that
i am establishing this covenant indeed
this sworn agreement exists to show the
way to whom ever
is here with us,
present and standing upright at this time
before the presence of Yahowah, our God.
It is also for whoever benefits from the
guidance along the correct path to the
relationship who is not among those
present here in connection with this day.
The body and words should not have been
called Deuteronomy twenty nine fifteen.
Had they capitalized upon it,
the Towrah instructions regarding the
covenant would have been theirs to claim,
their inheritance.
They did not.
They rejected it.
And had it been their response to accept
those terms and conditions,
the goy who were with them,
it could have been theirs to claim as
their inheritance as well,
but
They didn't either.
And so God had to say, you know,
it's not just for you.
It's also for those who have shown a
willingness to be guided in this path to
the relationship,
who are not among those present, not here,
not then,
not in conjunction with this day,
but with our day.
in the here and now,
which is why we have claimed its promises.
And we're not claiming the promises just
for ourselves, but to share them.
If we only wanted to claim the Towrah's
covenant and the inheritance for
ourselves,
we wouldn't have written thirty-five
books, published them, printed them,
offered them freely at YadaYah.com or begun
the Yahowah blog
just a month shy of a year ago,
would we?
And matter of fact,
it is in sharing this by making these
things known that a hundred percent of the
angst that we endure comes our way.
All we get in the here and now
by sharing this with you is abuse.
Yes,
there are those who are joyously learning
and contributing,
and that is a tremendous thing to
celebrate, and we do.
But for the largest part,
by sharing what God has conveyed through
his Towrah, I'm relentlessly attacked.
It's very much like
what the children of Israel did to Yahowah
during the Exodus.
They said, we want you to shut up.
We don't ever want to see you again.
And you know,
there is now even a cult claiming to
speak for mommy God that is devoted to
this thing as if they have no other
calling in life,
but to denounce the sharing what God is
offering.
Like they want to have it for themselves
and to denounce it for everyone else.
Nevertheless,
there would be one covenant for all people
and for all time.
The covenant is a sworn agreement from
Yahowah,
and he has never reneged on a promise.
While it is undeniably given initially to
Yisrael,
Goyim Gentiles who chose to stand with the
chosen people have always been welcome,
no matter where or when we may live.
Of particular importance is the
realization that Goyim, not Israelites,
are incorporated into the one and only
Beryth covenant.
There has never been and never will be
a new one or a different covenant for
other ethnicities.
Therefore,
if a person opposes Jews or Israel,
as is the case with most progressives,
right-wing extremists,
multiculturalists,
Protestants and Orthodox Christians,
Roman Catholics,
Muslims and conspiratorialists,
by way of this animosity alone,
they have excluded themselves from the
covenant and thus are estranged from God
and banned from heaven.
And because most of the world is
antagonistic towards Jews and Israel,
the overwhelming majority of people have
excluded themselves.
from participating in a relationship with
God.
Now,
it should be no surprise to anyone who
isn't either ignorant or irrational, well,
that would be ninety-nine percent of the
world today,
that Muslims have been indoctrinated to
hate and they despise Jews.
It should also be obvious that there is
a rapidly increasing number of politicized
individuals,
both extremely liberal and ultra
conservatives,
who are overtly hostile to both Jews and
Israel.
Moreover,
the fastest growing belief system
worldwide is conspiracy.
foundation of which is predicated on
blaming Jews for almost everything.
That is the theme of the influencers,
is it not?
Now, to the surprise of many,
the putrid well from which this misguided
abuse of Jews grew to become a worldwide
phenomenon and threat is the Roman
Catholic Church,
alleged only
are challenged, I should say,
only by Islam in their violent and
degrading treatment of Jews.
Popes have oppressed and demeaned God's
people for a better part of eighteen
centuries.
It is one of several reasons why the
Roman Church is the whore of Babylon and
why the tyrannical Islamic fiefdoms
represent geographical Babylon.
Should you think that I'm biased or just
making an uninformed generalization
regarding Muslims and Catholics,
then I would invite you to read Goddamn
Religion and Twistianity.
Maybe followed by David Kurtzer's The
Popes Against the Jews or John Cromwell's
Hitler's Pope.
If you make it through them without coming
to hate these religions,
then you may want to have your head
examined.
As an alternative and based upon what
Yahowah just revealed,
we enter into God's presence and are
adopted into his family through the Towrah.
Therein,
we find the keys to heaven and the
path to God's family.
Consistently entering the doorways to
synagogues, mosques, churches, temples,
shrines, political edifices,
and social media conspiracy sites,
like X and Facebook, even YouTube,
excludes believers from knowing God.
These are the ways of the goyim and
of politics and religion.
The Towrah goes on to say, indeed,
you yourselves know how we lived in the
realm of the crucibles of oppression in
Mitzrayim.
and how to show the correct way to
derive the benefits of the relationship,
we pass through a bar.
The midst of the nations comprised of
these Gentiles.
We were led to do so in conjunction
with a bar.
Passover.
The budding words.
Deuteronomy.
Twenty-nine, sixteen.
So we are being provided with
the facts with the evidence required to
Yada to know how to become part of
Yahowah's family.
In addition to knowing what would cause us
to be excluded,
we are told what is necessary to be
included.
It is the truth which sets us free,
just as it did for those who, well,
would have for those who listened on this
day had they been receptive.
Unfortunately, they didn't.
The Hebrew root of Mitzrayim,
the plural of mitzri or mitzrah,
is derived from a blend of rather ominous
terms,
most of which emerged as a compound of
ma to ponder the implications of sar,
troubling oppression and persecution.
These include Metsareph, crucible,
to test and purge.
Metzorah, leprous, dreaded,
and chronically diseased.
Metsar,
anguishing trouble and distressful
hardship.
Metsarah, to be on guard,
alerted against an impending future
consequence.
Metsar, lowly and little.
And Matzor, to besiege.
Therefore, in the plural,
we might well define Mitzrayim as the
crucibles of chronic and dreaded diseases,
a place of anguishing hardships and
distressing troubles.
It is in this light that it is
particularly telling to realize that many,
if not most, Masur, Egyptian,
Coptic Christians are ethnic Jews.
the legacy of Converso Jews millennia
earlier.
It was here that the Towrah was robbed
of its Hebrew roots and was bastardized,
giving birth to the Hellenized Septuagint.
It is here that every pre-Constantine copy
of the Christian New Testament was written
and later discovered.
could be stated both literally and
historically that the origins of the
Christian Bible,
its Old and its New Testaments were
written in Greek in Alexandria rather than
in Hebrew in Israel, Yahuwdah or Jerusalem.
If I may quote Dowd, Salah,
pause now and consider those implications.
One of the many things which makes the
prophecies regarding the Nakry,
this observant foreigner who is speaking
to you so provocative is that Yahowah
consistently tells his people that the
ways of the Goyim Gentiles are an
abomination,
especially their religious and political
practices,
their military manners and customs.
This is one of many such examples.
The Towrah reads, and
You have seen the abominable religious
things associated with their gods and also
that which is associated with their
objects of worship and religious attire,
which are expensive monetarily,
often derived from silver and gold,
many of which are comprised of wood or
built of stone.
The body in words, twenty nine, seventeen.
Isn't that something?
So when Yahowah denounced the ways of the
Goyim and told the Israelites that they
should not follow in the same manner,
he wasn't speaking of their ethnicity.
No,
this is not Jews versus Goy from a
racial perspective.
God has one Towrah, one covenant for both.
No, it is
the religious ways of the Goy that God
was trying to preclude his people from
emulating.
And yet that's what they did.
The Goy were militant.
were religious they were political they
were conspiratorial and they were just
flat out wrong about god and yet this
is what the Israelites have emulated their
abominable religious ways and also that
which is associated with their objects of
worship and their religious attire oh
goodness gracious which you know it's
expensive costly to one's soul
So religious gods really are eerily
similar in character and disposition to
the men and women who created them.
You know, in Christianity,
Paul created the myth of Jesus Christ
making a god in his image,
no bigger than a man.
making humankind's objects of worship a
bewildering blend of contradictions and
rational fallacies.
For example, Allah, like Muhammad,
was depicted as a terrorist throughout the
Quran.
Dumb as the black stone in the obscured
Kaaba,
the Islamic God can't keep his story
straight, and he's wrong historically,
scientifically, rationally, morally,
and prophetically.
He's dumber than stupid.
With Muhammad motivated by perverted
sexuality, murderous revenge,
and ill-gotten gain,
Muslims are conditioned to lie, to steal,
and to kill for their pathetic deity,
expecting perpetual virgins in a paradise
as the reward for horrific behavior.
This man-made God was unable to perform a
single inspiring miracle,
offer so much as one credible insight,
or provide a single prophecy which became
reality to demonstrate that he was
anything more than a deification of one of
the most pathetic individuals who ever
lived.
To believe Muhammad,
a rapist and pedophile,
a murderous anti-Semite,
a ruthless terrorist and thief,
is to be ignorant, immoral,
and irrational.
And to be a good Muslim is to
be like Muhammad.
Paul's God,
the Christian Jesus Christ reflects his
creator.
The totality of his God fits within the
human form.
Folks,
the God who created men is not a
man.
Yet this God was born and he dies.
He's killed by the same Romans whom Paul
claims citizenship and whom he demands
submission.
To believe Paul,
it no longer matters what the God who
created man has to say because
Christianity is based upon, but I, Paul,
say.
The people through whom Yahowah revealed
himself
Everything became the enemy of the new
faith as the entire Gentile world is told
that Paul,
to the exclusion of all others alone,
spoke for the reincarnated Greco-Roman
Gnostic deity presented throughout the
factually inaccurate and consistently
contradictory verbal diarrhea that is now
venerated as scripture.
Paul wasn't the first to lead people
astray, of course.
The first king of Babylon, Nimrod,
claimed to be the son of God.
His wife, Astarte,
worshipped as the queen of heaven and the
mother of God,
gave birth to what would follow as
Christianity.
Throughout the long march of time,
the worst among us has claimed divine
authority to rule,
many of whom actually claim to be gods
themselves,
demanding
This was true throughout the world,
from the Aztecs and Indians,
Incas and Mayans on one hemisphere,
to the Carthaginians, Romans, Greeks,
Babylonians, Persians, Trojans, et al.,
and the old world.
Kings claimed they were gods.
Men claimed they were gods.
So in Christianity,
it wasn't difficult for them to sell the
idea that God was a man.
It's absurd.
But look today.
Christians believe that God was a man.
They even believe that men could kill God.
Now,
the irony in this is that the God
who created these men and women isn't
religious and doesn't want to be
objectified or worshiped.
Imagine creating this universe and
conceiving the life within it expressly to
enjoy a familiar relationship with your
ultimate achievement,
to enrich and empower those you have
conceived only to have these men and women
ignore you.
and worse,
replace you in their lives with convoluted
products of their twisted imaginations and
then worship these false gods like Jesus
and Allah and Hashem.
On one hand,
we have the God who is responsible for
everything.
He not only revealed himself to us through
Yahuwdym,
proving his existence in the process,
but he also made it possible for us
to know him and live with him as
his children and inherit all that he has
to offer.
He's brilliant.
He's articulate.
He's consistent.
He's conversant.
He's approachable.
He's dependable.
He's loving and lovable,
enlightening and enriching,
empowering and liberating.
He's all we could ever want and more.
But on the other hand, the religious,
political,
and militaristic gods of the Gentiles and
now Jews are nonexistent figments of man's
imagination,
complete with fabrications which require
blind faith because, well,
they're mythical and mythological.
They are perverted, convoluted,
capricious, and fearsome, and yet,
always seem to support the local and
national agendas,
no matter how counterproductive,
how covetous,
how murderous the men responsible for them
have been.
Considering the contrast to choose the
fakes over the real, one must be ignorant,
irrational, or both.
And yet the fakes
are believed at a ratio of, well,
in this world,
some six billion to maybe six thousand,
a million to one.
Before we contemplate Moshe's next
statement,
a little history lesson may be beneficial.
Beginning in the fourth century BCE and in
the wake of Alexander's conquests,
rabbinic Judaism became heavily influenced
by Greek philosophy and culture.
The Yahuwdym admired the Greeks to such a
degree,
it could be argued that the story
chronicled in Maccabees is actually
against total assimilation.
As a legacy of this conflict,
the eternal Hashemonian civil war played
out forty to seventy years prior to Dowd's
second arrival.
It consummates and demonstrates that this
integration of cultures actually occurred.
The high priest at the time,
Hierakonis II,
inherited the position from his father,
Alexander Amanus, by way of his mother,
Alexandra.
all Greek names, as I'm sure you've noted.
Alexandra also crowned her eldest son,
King.
Intermixing religion and politics and the
way of the Gentiles,
as was the case here.
But Hyrcanus, the younger brother,
Astrobulus II, another Greek name,
rebelled against him three months after
Alexandria's death in sixty-seven BCE.
So Hyrcanus,
which means the land of the wolf,
advanced against his brother,
deploying a band of Gentile mercenaries.
During the ensuing battle at Jericho,
Aristobulus, whose name blends Ari,
extraordinarily, Erette,
excellent and virtuous, and Aristiou,
bravest to say, well,
I'm really egotistical,
engaged in a manner that may have fueled
anti-Semitic conspiracies.
He bribed Harkonis militants,
offering them more money than had his
brother.
The mercenaries changed alliances,
giving the victory to the more conniving
financier.
Immediately thereafter,
and in direct contradiction to the Towrah,
Aristobulus sent his newly acquired and
uncircumcised Gentile militants to the
temple,
where the extraordinarily excellent and
brave
manned by his own egotistical gnome,
captured the realm of the wolf.
Rather than kill his brother, however,
the two made a deal with Hyrcanus,
relinquishing the titles of high priest
and king to Artabulus for a cut of
the religious, but not political, revenue.
Yes, this is what Israel had become.
This despicable...
of Alexander's empire,
meaning like the father, the Edomite,
symbolic of Rome,
convinced Hyrcanus that his brother,
Aristobulus,
was too insecure and greedy to allow him
to live.
But in actuality,
Atipater simply wanted to control Yahuwdah
himself with the weaker or at least
stingier
of the brothers.
This wolf would be back on the throne
and he would make his move.
Therefore,
following the advice of his advisor,
Hyraconus the wolf scampered off to take
refuge with Aretas III,
a Nabataean king whom
Antipater had bribed into exposing his
conspiracy.
Now,
this is troubling because this is where we
find the Kaaba and the birthplace of
Islam.
With friends like these Gentiles,
the revolting Jewish brothers hardly
needed enemies.
But nevertheless,
an army of fifty thousand Nabateans
advanced toward Jerusalem.
coming directly north,
taking the city and besieging the temple.
During the siege, Onias,
the last remaining stalwart against the
assimilation,
was stoned to death on Hyrcanus' orders
for refusing to pray for the death of
the wolf's rivals.
Adding insult to injury,
Hyrcanus not to be outplayed financially,
he swindled the priests
who were supporting the extraordinarily
virtuous and brave brother,
this being Aristobulus.
He sold them cows for the Passover
sacrifice for the enormous price of one
thousand drachmas and then refused to
deliver said cows.
Thus far every word fans the flames of
anti-Semitic stereotypes and conspiracies
that would follow.
But they did this to themselves.
While this tawdry episode was brewing,
the Roman general Pompey defeated the
Seleucids,
dispatching his deputy Marcus Saracus to
Syria.
Now,
because the Hasmoneans were allied with
the Romans,
the wolf and his egotistical brother both
appealed to Zacharias.
endeavoring to elicit his support,
trying to bribe him with gifts.
And with Aristobulus more lavish once
again with his bribes,
the Roman new supreme leader ordered
Aretas and his Nabataean army out of Iota,
clearing the way for Artabolus to return
to power.
Now, during their retreat, however,
the virtuous and brave mercenary
bludgeoned
the retreating army.
It just gets nastier with every nuance of
history, doesn't it?
So with the sibling rivalry having become
bloody and expensive and yet unsettled,
in sixty-three BCE, the Pharisees,
Heraconus and Artabulus,
all appealed to Pompey for supremacy.
So now you have the Pharisees,
Heraconus the wolf,
and Artabulus the egotistical one.
They all wanted Romans to establish their
supremacy.
No interest in God.
Romans were more powerful in their view.
The Roman was,
as was the custom among wolves, chose,
of course, the wolf,
but not because of Romulus and Remus,
I'm told.
As the weakest of them,
Pompey believed that Heracanus, the wolf,
would be the easiest to manipulate.
Then to make certain that they would all
be compliant and that Roman authority
would remain unchallenged,
the evil empire dispatched their legion
suffocating Judah.
Artabolus, with his enormous ego bruised,
turned traitor and like a child throwing a
tantrum,
sought to hand Jerusalem over to Pompey.
But unable to trust Artabulus nor Rome,
the extraordinarily virtuous and brave's
followers did not capitulate.
So the Romans besieged Jerusalem and
captured the city by force,
nearly destroying the temple in the
process.
Aristobulus was taken to Rome as a
prisoner and Hyrcanus was hailed as king.
Quite a story, isn't it?
Is it any wonder
God is opposed to all forms of human
religiousness and governance,
particularly among his people.
They were no longer his people.
Unfortunately for the wolf,
the new gig wasn't as lucrative as the
religious authority.
So since it had always been about the
shekels,
that same year the wolf reclaimed his
position as high priest.
As he did,
the Romans set the menacing advisor,
Atipater, on the throne.
Well,
things remained as such until forty BCE.
When Aristobulus' son Antagonus allied
with the Parthenians and with the muscle
of these Arrhenians and thus in the
company of the Persian gods,
Antagonus was proclaimed king and high
priest.
The wolf was seized and his ears were
mutilated with Antigonus literally biting
them off to assure that the wolf would
be permanently ineligible for the
priesthood.
The earless carnivore was taken by the
Parthians to Babylon,
where he lived in captivity with other
Jews,
all of whom we are told embraced and
respected this putrid excuse of a man.
Shortly thereafter, in thirty-six BCE,
Herod defeated Antigonus with the help,
of course, of Rome and her legions.
The conniving bastard,
fearing that Hyraconus might induce the
Parthians to help him regain the throne of
Yahuwdah,
invited the aging and earless wolf back to
Jerusalem.
Hyraconus accepted the invitation of
Rome's appointed kings.
only to have Herod charge him with
plotting against the Nabateans,
against his authority,
or with the Nabateans against his
authority.
And the Roman puppet then assassinated the
Parthenian stooge.
Yahuwdah and Yahuwdym were lost in a sea
of goyim,
with no one to blame but themselves,
because they had brought the goyim to bear
and used the goyim to assert their
authority.
authenticity they were doing exactly the
opposite of what god had requested of them
and this at long last brings us to
a statement that is presented in the body
words Deuteronomy which is therefore
prophetic of what would occur I'll read it
to you and we'll conclude our program
their purpose negated
No one exists among you at this time,
not a man nor a woman,
not a group of people nor a tribe
whose reasoning or inclinations are found
directed towards the presence of Yahowah,
our God.
Not one of you.
Not among the entire nation of Israel is
there a single person whose inclinations,
whose attitude was directed toward God.
They're all going after, approaching,
worshiping,
and serving the gods of the Gentile
nations.
And it is true to this day.
Negated and without purpose,
There will be among you a root bearing,
that which is infuriating and noxious,
poisonous and embittering.
The body words, Deuteronomy.
Twenty nine, eighteen.
And that embittering,
poisonous and toxic relationship between
Israel and God not only is manifest at
this time,
It is celebrated in the irrational
ignorance of Judaism, in Christianity,
and in Islam,
all of which are the product of Jewish
malfeasance.
So I thank you for listening.
Look forward to being back with you.
I'm delighted to be back in our ocean
studio and to be able to invite you
to this wonderful perch over the sea as
we return to it again later this week.
I appreciate you listening.
Good day.